docs: erc721 extensions antora docs (#252)
OpenZeppelin/rust-contracts-stylus: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/erc721.adoc

NOTE: You'll notice that the item's information is included in the metadata, but that information isn't on-chain!
So a game developer could change the underlying metadata, changing the rules of the game!

> [[erc721-token-extensions]]

Reviewer: Apply alphabetical order of the mentioned extensions.

== Extensions
Additionally, there are multiple custom extensions, including:

* xref:erc721-burnable.adoc[ERC-721 Burnable]: destruction of own tokens.

* xref:erc721-metadata.adoc[ERC-721 Metadata]: the extended ERC721 interface including the name, symbol, and decimals functions.

* xref:erc721-pausable.adoc[ERC-721 Pausable]: ability to pause token transfers.

* xref:erc721-consecutive.adoc[ERC-721 Consecutive]: ability to mint tokens consecutively.

> * xref:erc721-enumerable.adoc[ERC-721 Enumerable]: ability to iterate over all tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:erc721-enumerable.adoc[ERC-721 Enumerable]: Optional extension that allows enumerating the tokens on chain, often not included since it requires large gas overhead.
```

Reviewer: From here -> https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/5.x/api/token/erc721

> * xref:erc721-uri-storage.adoc[ERC-721 Uri Storage]: URI per token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:erc721-uri-storage.adoc[ERC-721 Uri Storage]: A more flexible but more expensive way of storing metadata.
```

Reviewer: From here -> https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/5.x/api/token/erc721
